OSDOCS-10187: Add how to delete a ROSA HCP cluster (#74557)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-deleting-sts-iam-resources-account-wide.adoc

= Deleting the account-wide IAM resources

After you have deleted all 
ifndef::hcp[]
{product-title} (ROSA) with AWS Security Token Services (STS) 
endif::hcp[]
ifdef::hcp[]
{hcp-title-first} 
endif::hcp[]
clusters that depend on the account-wide AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resources, you can delete the account-wide resources.

If you no longer need to install a 
ifndef::hcp[]
ROSA with STS 
endif::hcp[]
ifdef::hcp[]
{hcp-title} 
endif::hcp[]
cluster by using {cluster-manager-first}, you can also delete the {cluster-manager} and user IAM roles.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The account-wide IAM roles and policies might be used by other 
ifndef::hcp[]
ROSA 
endif::hcp[]
ifdef::hcp[]
{hcp-title} 
endif::hcp[]
clusters in the same AWS account. Only remove the resources if they are not required by other clusters.

The {cluster-manager} and user IAM roles are required if you want to install, manage, and delete other 
ifndef::hcp[]
ROSA 
endif::hcp[]
ifdef::hcp[]
{product-title} 
endif::hcp[]
clusters in the same AWS account by using {cluster-manager}. Only remove the roles if you no longer need to install 
ifndef::hcp[]
ROSA 
endif::hcp[]
ifdef::hcp[]
{product-title} 
endif::hcp[]

> clusters in your account by using {cluster-manager}. See the "Additional resources" section for information on repairing your cluster if these roles are removed before deletion.

Reviewer: Here, I would just say
```suggestion
clusters in your account by using {cluster-manager}. For more information about repairing your cluster if these roles are removed before deletion, see "Repairing a cluster that cannot be deleted" in _Troubleshooting cluster deployments_.
```

Then do a trailing include, `.Additional resources` section right below this module in the assembly. I made a note in the assembly.

There is a new section in the repo docs that goes over how to handle these situations with a lot of great detail:
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences

I do need to raise an issue with the team about the section on xrefs, though. In the additional resources section, we are not supposed to use "For more information about <topic>," unless it is really necessary. Otherwise, the link is sufficient.
